Girl is an achiever, top 1 of class, top 1 of everything, she goes 2 find dr who 2.0 whos popular for his genius ass, and wants to learn abt the endo and exo shit, they go to a time travelling session, but bc theyre literally breaking the timeline by adding a certain element to a certain period, another element gets added as well, the monster, whos trying to kill em so the balance of the period is restored, like (-1)+1=0

Girl finds out abt this, bc she wasnt warned of the danger, dr who however, says that to learn is to be a risk taker, whether if its destroying your mental health or not cha cha, the more they hop from time to time, the more the girl realises how dangerous and insane dr who is, he keeps pushing her to see more to learn however, she grows afraid of what he does, they get into an argument, that everything is for her future, for her knowledge, for her academics, she gets a choice whether to obey, or to leave.

I put a lesson in this storyline, could u tell what it is?


STORYLINE:

Character 1 :
 Caster Ambrose
She was born in a wealthy family who showered her with love in exchange of surpassing their expectations. Her status as the top of the class, or even the whole school itself, is of utmost importance for her. She is talented and skilled, the perfect student and candidate as a leader, and though Caster knows the gap between her and her peers, she aims to stay on top, no matter what happens. For her future, and for her family.
A perfectionist, and wants everything she does to be the best of the best.
17 Y.O. July 10

Character 2:
Dr. Cire
A born genius. He’s a well-known philosopher, popular for his books and teaching capabilities. He prioritises knowledge over everything, even family. Dr. Cire has made works of art that brought benefits to the human race, and one of his most recent works is a time-travelling machine. He will make anything as long as it’s for knowledge.
Morality does not apply to him. Good and Bad is nothing but a term for him, he will do anything for knowledge. He will achieve what he wants.
31 Y.O. December 25

Settings : 
February 12, 1973
Dr. Cire’s Lab

Storyline : 

	Caster is a student of Dr. Cire. They may not meet often due to the multiple classes he holds, yet he has high respect for her. 

	Caster was given the task to do a presentation for the whole school, as a part of a student-teacher program wherein a student from different schools will be representing their own and competing one another. The prize is a letter of recommendation, which secures the winner a position for any college they desire.

	The assigned lecture for her is about the endo and exo’s lessons. Caster being the perfectionist she is, wants to make sure she has the best presentation, thus why she sets off to Dr. Cire’s lab, after hearing about a certain rumour that he had successfully created a time-travelling machine. Maybe, if she was able to take pictures of the specific time the earth formations occurred, then she’ll automatically pass as the winner. 

	The two meet, and Dr. Cire quickly agrees. With a big grin, they set off to venture and watch different timelines. 

	First timeline, peaceful and successful. Second, the same. Third, Caster realises something was following them. Something that wanted to hurt them. And of course, she was right. Something attacked them, forcing Dr. Cire to pull Caster and jump to another timeline. Here, she finds out that due to them hopping to a certain period when they didn’t exist, they became a variable that shouldn’t exist. So the timeline tries to fix itself by creating another variable that would destroy the other. 

	She tries to tell Dr. Cire that this is enough and she doesn’t want to risk her life anymore, but Dr. Cire has fallen too deep into a rabbit hole, and persuades Caster that it is a necessary risk to take, and assures her it’ll be fine.

	Jumping through and through, she had enough, and fought back against Dr. Cire’s insane ideals. They have an argument of how knowledge is the key to success, and she has to continue for it will bring her good fortune. She’s given the choice to either obey and follow him, or leave. But whatever she’ll choose, it won’t be a peaceful and happy future.

	If she does obey, they’ll go on an endless loop of time-travelling periods and eras, and experiments, all for the sake of success, yet, it will destroy her. Slowly.

	If she doesn’t obey, her talent is overthrown by another, and falls into despair. With people judging her, as expectations brought upon her weren't met.

The lesson I wanted this story to bring is how even the best still will suffer just for the sake of meeting society’s expectations. You have to be smart, you have to sacrifice, you have to hurt yourself and prioritise your education above anything else or you’d be nothing. What you want doesn’t matter, what your morals are don’t matter, if you aren’t smart, educated, a top student, people will look down on you, and will destroy you.
